README.md, before:

<!-- markdownlint-configure-file {
  "MD013": false,
  "MD033": false,
  "MD041": false
} -->

<div align="center">

# Home Lab

Self-hosted infrastructure to  **automate** and **simplify** my life.

Trading effort and an increased energy bill for privacy and learning
opportunities :neckbeard:

---

[Content](#content) •
[ToDo](#todo)

---

</div>

## Content

This repository provides:

- `docker-compose` stacks to set up all the self-hosted services I use
- `dockerfiles` for services that don't have official images available
- a package registry for the images built using these `dockerfiles`
- additional configuration files for services that need them

The services are primarily configured using environment variables and managed
using a central [`Portainer`](https://www.portainer.io/) instance with agents
on all the devices/servers I run.

### Images

`Dockerfiles` are located in the `images` folder and can be build using the
`build.sh` script, specifying the image name and target platform(s):

```bash
./build.sh caddy linux/amd64,linux/arm64
```

Tags will be automatically set according to the version of the contained service.

## ToDo

- [x] Add scripts to (re-)build all images
- [ ] Add scripts to automate the initial setup
- [ ] Explore (or create) alternatives to `Portainer` for something
      less-interactive and more automated
- [ ] Manage secrets

Commit message:

build: replace build script with justfile

README.md, after:

<!-- markdownlint-configure-file {
  "MD013": false,
  "MD033": false,
  "MD041": false
} -->

<div align="center">

# Home Lab

Self-hosted infrastructure to  **automate** and **simplify** my life.

Trading effort and an increased energy bill for privacy and learning
opportunities :neckbeard:

---

[Content](#content) •
[ToDo](#todo)

---

</div>

## Content

This repository provides:

- `docker-compose` stacks to set up all the self-hosted services I use
- `dockerfiles` for services that don't have official images available
- a package registry for the images built using these `dockerfiles`
- additional configuration files for services that need them

The services are primarily configured using environment variables and managed
using a central [`Portainer`](https://www.portainer.io/) instance with agents
on all the devices/servers I run.

### Images

`Dockerfiles` are located in the `images` folder and can be published using the
`just` command runner, specifying the image name:

```bash
just publish caddy
```

And, optionally, the target platform(s) and/or package registry:

```bash
just publish caddy linux/amd64,linux/arm64 ghcr.io/dulli
```

Tags will be automatically set according to the version of the contained
service. Additionally, all images can be updated at once using

```bash
just publish-all
```

## ToDo

- [x] Add scripts to (re-)build all images
- [ ] Add scripts to automate the initial setup
- [ ] Explore (or create) alternatives to `Portainer` for something
      less-interactive and more automated
- [ ] Manage secrets
